feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.animation.AnimatedVisibility
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.animation.fadeIn
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.animation.fadeOut
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.background
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.clickable
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.layout.*
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.lazy.grid.GridCells
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.lazy.grid.LazyVerticalGrid
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.lazy.grid.items
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.lazy.grid.rememberLazyGridState
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.lazy.grid.LazyGridState
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.lazy.grid.GridItemSpan
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.shape.CircleShape
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.shape.RoundedCornerShape
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.text.KeyboardActions
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.foundation.text.KeyboardOptions
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.material.icons.Icons
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.material.icons.filled.ArrowUpward
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.material.icons.filled.Search
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.material.icons.automirrored.filled.List
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.material3.*
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.runtime.*
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.Alignment
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.Modifier
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.draw.clip
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.graphics.Color
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.platform.LocalFocusManager
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.text.font.FontWeight
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.text.input.ImeAction
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.text.style.TextAlign
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.ui.unit.dp
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.hilt.navigation.compose.hiltViewModel
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.lifecycle.compose.collectAsStateWithLifecycle
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import com.example.pokemonapp.core.ui.components.PokemonCard
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import com.example.pokemonapp.core.ui.model.PokemonItemUiModel
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import com.example.pokemonapp.core.ui.theme.getPokemonTypeColor
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import com.example.pokemonapp.feature.pokemon_list.presentation.PokemonListUiState.*
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import kotlinx.coroutines.launch
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import androidx.compose.runtime.rememberCoroutineScope
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import kotlinx.coroutines.flow.collect
feature/pokemon-list/src/main/java/com/example/pokemonapp/feature/pokemon_list/presentation/PokemonListScreen.kt:import kotlinx.coroutines.flow.snapshotFlow
